Table of Content
Chapter 1: The adventure begins
Chapter 2 : To the mountains and beyond!
Chapter 3 : Into the unknown lands!
Chapter 4 : Textlandia and onward
Epilogue

2

Chapter 1: The adventure begins

A long time ago, in the great world of Sentientworldia, where the wind
stops blowing, and where the frogs crept, there was a white tennis shoe named
Fred. Fred was a normal shoe. He wasn't king or anybody special. He lived in
Shoeboxlandia where every shoe had its place. Every shoe knew one another,
and every shoe respected each other. However, all the shoes disliked Fred. He
screamed every morning and every evening. Every few hours a shoe would
knock on his door for a noise complaint.
Fred hated his life in Shoeboxlandia. He wanted to live in other lands. Fred
constantly listened to the rumors of lands: like Breakfastopia, the Bridge of Blah,
and the Glassy Castle. He only thought they were children’s tales, used to keep
young shoes in line. However Fred would soon learn that these were not just
rumors, but actual lands full of adventures, trials, and treasures.
One day, Fred was trying to eat his lunch of pasta and potatoes, but he
soon realized he didn't have any food in his fridge. Fred thought about when he
had breakfast. His fridge was packed with pasta and potatoes. That could only
mean that someone stole them. Fred quickly wondered who would steal from
him. That’s when he remembered about Freddista. According to a rumor,
Freddista was a cursed shoe, who lived in the forest far away from everyone
else. When she stares at someone, they will die. Some even said that she steals
from houses to survive. Fred wasn’t sure if all those rumors were true, but he
should at least check.
Fred marched out of his house. He pretended not to notice the countless
number of eyes glaring at him, probably because of the karaoke he did last night.
If the rumors were true, Freddista had to be in the Shoelace Forest. Fred
followed the road. Eventually he started seeing the pathway into the forest.The
narrow dirt path was covered with hissing shoelace snakes. Fred nervously
trodded past the snakes.
After stepping on 10 snakes, Fred found a small shack. Reluctantly, he
knocked. He was greeted by another shoe. Their laces were frayed, their sole
was torn, and they were covered with dirt and mud. “Oh my gosh!” the shoe
3

exclaimed, “We have visitors!” The mysterious shoe introduced themself as
Freddista. Fred looked in shock.
“You are Freddista?”
he stammered, “I
always thought of
you as a giant
terrifying monster.”
Freddista quickly
explained that she
was exiled into the
forest because
people thought she
wasn’t fit for society.
Then people started
saying her stare
killed people.
“That isn’t true,” she
explained, “I’m
staring at you right
now.” Furthermore,
those shoes even
had the nerve to say
that she stole from
others. “I don’t even
know why,” she
continued. “Well,”
mumbled Fred,
“maybe it’s because
of some family
lineage?”“Enough
about me,” she
interjected, “What
brings you here to my weird shack in the woods?”
​
“Someone stole my pasta and potatoes!” Fred screeched. “I came here
because I thought you took them.” Freddista gave Fred a concerned look. “You
came here just because of that?” “Do you have any idea who could have stolen
them?” cried Fred. “I have no idea why someone would have stolen your pasta or
potatoes,” Freddista replied, “but, you probably should check Breakfastopia. You
4

never know what happens there.” “Breakfastopia exists!” exclaimed Fred, “I
always thought it was just a children’s story.” “Why would a children’s story be
about that?” asked Freddista. “Can you please come with me?” interrupted Fred,
who was now on his knees (if shoes had knees).“I guess I have nothing to do,”
grumbled Freddista. Fred grinned and walked with Freddista through the forest.
Freddista glared at the snakes slithering beneath their feet. Fred fearfully
tried to step around them. The dirt path slowly morphed into the brick path of
Shoeboxlandia. Fred noticed that all the shoes were glaring at him twice as hard.
Fred glanced at Freddista, who seemed unamused by the whole situation. Her
eyes were glued to the road, and her laces dragged behind her. The whole road
slowly wound through Shoeboxlandia. Eventually Fred found a small crack in the
wall that allowed him and Freddista to squeeze through.
​
It took a couple of weeks for Fred and Freddista to finally find a small dirt
path. Besides this path was a warped wooden sign with the words “Path to
breakfastopia,” engraved into it. Freddista and Fred started to head slowly down
the road. Fred looked back at the velcro mountains and watched in amazement
as he approached the syrup rivers.

5

​
The road slowly started to narrow. Eventually it transformed into a path full
of pancakes, waffles, bacon, eggs, and all the things you could ever have for
breakfast. Fred licked his lips with delight, while Freddista’s unamused face had
transformed into a scowl. Fred decided to try one of the pieces of bacon off the
road. It did not taste good. Freddista gave him a disgusted look. “You do know
those have been out in the sun and been stepped on right?” Fred vomited on a
pancake bush. “Oh! That’s why it tasted like concrete!” “How do you know what
concrete tastes like?” asked Freddista. “Don’t question my life choices,” replied
Fred.

Then they reached a large gate-made from three cereal boxes. A friendly
pancake wearing a tuxedo greeted them. “Welcome to Breakfastopia!” he
exclaimed, “home of the first meal of the day!” He escorted them through the
gates. Fred was in awe. He had never seen a city so massive. His eyes widened
in the sight of bakeries, town halls, restaurants, shops, and even shoe stores.
The pancake continued to give them a tour of the city. He showed them the
national bank, amusement park, and even the waffle eating contest.Eventually,
the pancake halted at a pedestal embroidered with pretzels. He quickly grabbed
a pen and asked “What brings you here to Breakfastopia?”
“We have come to extract the food you have STOLEN,” accused Fred very
rudely.

6

“What makes you believe that we have stolen your food?” asked the
pancake. Freddista shoved Fred aside “What my friend meant to say was, we are
looking for some pasta and potatoes, that might have accidentally fallen into your
hands. Have you received any lately?” asked Freddista. “No,” said the pancake,
“however, it happens we have the most skilled detective in Sentientworldia!”
​
All of a sudden a waffle carrying a magnifying glass and a briefcase walked
up to the pedestal. “This,” exclaimed the pancake, “is the famous detective
himself, Willy the Waffle,”
“My expiration date is expired,” muttered Willy. “He will help you locate who stole
your pasta and potatoes, ” said the pancake proudly. “One star, Willy couldn’t
even tell me where my car keys were,” muttered Freddista, who was reading
from her phone. “Well it’s best I get going,” declared the pancake. “I have a
meeting in ten minutes.” Then the pancake scuttled away, leaving Freddista and
Fred with the expired detective.
“Do you have any idea who stole my lunch?” asked Fred. “I am afraid your
lunch is lost,” explained the waffle sadly. “However there is a way of making
some new pasta and potatoes.” “Let’s hear it!” exclaimed Fred. “First, we head
through the Electric Desert, and test our singing ability. Then we head past the
Mountains of Misery, and we will not get lost in the Hidden Hideout, or in the
Glassy Castle. Then we continue across the Glassy Plains into the Great Noodle
Factory, then grab some pasta. After that we advance above the Scary
Scrapyard and into the Great Humid Swamp of Rotten Apples. Then we head
across the Bridge of BLAAAAAAaaaah and finally head back to Shoeboxlandia,”
panted Willy.
“That will take so long!” whined Fred. “It’s not that long,” muttered
Freddista. “Well, we better stop complaining, and head to the desert,” declared
Willy. The group walked through the large rows of buildings leading to the desert.
Fred’s mouth watered when he saw a sign that said, “Free bagels!” He had been
craving them with all his midsole. “Fred, where are you?” asked Willy. Fred
quickly hurried back to them. The trio headed for the Electric Desert. Eventually,
Willy halted in front of the sand. “Remember, be careful with the electric sand,”
cautioned Willy, “It will zap you in an instant.” “Yah yah whatever,” muttered Fred.
However as soon as Fred touched the electric sand he screeched in pain,
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”“Oh Fred,” Willy admonished, “why did you
not listen.”

7

They carefully crept through the desert, always wincing with every step in
pain. Fred carefully examined the desolate desert. He saw a large sign that said,
“Avoid annoying batteries who want you to take seats.“ “That’s oddly specific,”
muttered Freddista. “It is,” muttered a battery. “Who are you?” inquired Willy.
Howdy fellow travelers! I’m Barry!” exclaimed the battery, “How are you doing on
this fine evening?” “It’s best we keep going,” advised Freddista. As they were
walking away from Barry. He said, “Wait, hold your horses!” The trio froze. “I
haven’t had visitors in a while!” exclaimed Barry, “take a seat,” “Um sorry we
need to leave,” explained Fred. “TAKE A SEAT!” snapped Barry. So the three of
them took a seat on the scorching desert sand.
“Finally,” muttered Barry, “What brings you guys to the Electric Desert?”
“We are looking for some pasta and potatoes,” answered Freddista, “Do you
happen to have some in your possession?” “No,” replied Barry, “however I know
that you aren’t leaving on my-” Before he could finish, Freddista flung Willy at the
battery. “Hey, what was that for?” screeched Barry. The trio sprinted away from
the monstrous battery. Fred noticed that Barry was sparking with anger. He also
noticed that the electric sand started glowing faintly beneath him. Before he could
put two and two together he felt electricity zap through his body. Then they
stumbled into a massive microphone.
​
“In order for you to pass this area, you must sing to me your best choice of
music,”explained the microphone optimistically.
8

Freddista groaned, “Urrrrg, okay I’lll hold off that battery guy, you guys- use those
vocal chords!”
“Huh,” thought Willy, “I don’t have any musical talent, what about you Fred?”
“Umm okay I’ll try, " replied Fred.

​

​

Fred’s interesting song

​
“OHHH OHh UMM Large microphone thingy, can you um please let us
throoooough
​
If you won’t that battery guy will catch us, and I don’t know what will
happen, so please
​
What more could you want AHHHHHHHH”
“That’s good enough, take this electric lantern,” remarked the microphone. So the
three of them headed for the Mountains of Misery.

9

Chapter 2 : To the mountains and beyond!
“Are we close to Misery?” asked Freddista. “We are almost there, just a
few more steps,” replied Willy. That’s when Barry lunged towards them. “You
guys aren’t going ANYWHERE TOWARDS MISERY!” he screeched. Freddista
didn’t hesitate, she snatched Willy’s magnifying glass and directed the sun’s rays
on Barry, who then started to burn. “No!” cried Willy, “my magnifying glass!” “You
WON'T GET AWAY WITH THIS AHHHHHHHH!” cried Barry. “You’re welcome,”
grumbled Freddista.
“Well um, was killing Barry really necessary?" asked Fred. “Oh,” replied
Willy, “he’s not dead, he found water.” “Well, that’s a relief,” replied Fred, who
was still recovering from the incident. “Let’s keep on going!” replied Willy
optimistically.
The rest of the journey around the mountains was silent. The endless cliffs
and valleys never seemed to end. Fred noticed something strange about the
mountains, something familiar. He didn’t want to think about it, but the jagged
peaks of the mountains seemed to remind him of the terrible thing he did 25
years ago. He stared at the ominous peaks stretching to the sky. It reminded him
of mosquito bites and amnesia pills. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to forget
that terrible time. He wanted to forget how careless he had been with his power.
How irresponsible he had been. He wanted to remember who he had pushed
away all these years, but he just couldn’t.
“Are you okay Fred?” asked Willy. “Yeah,” sobbed Fred. “Well good,
because we just reached the Hidden Hideout!” exclaimed Willy. “At least we’re
getting close to the end of this terrible trip,” added Freddista.
“Now remember,” reminded Willy, “do not enter the hideout, or you will be
lost.”Fred carefully crept to the hideout and peeped in. “It doesn’t look large,” he
remarked.“Well, still don’t go in!” warned Willy. “AHHHHHHHHHHHH!” shouted
Fred, who had accidentally fallen down the hole. “Do we need to get him?”
inquired Freddista. “Well, isn’t he the one who lost the pasta and potatoes?”
responded Willy. “Yeah,” responded Freddista, who turned on the lantern from
the microphone.

10

​
The two of them headed inside the Hidden Hideout. “Fred?” Willy cried.
“Fred, chop chop . Say something or do that screamy thing,” yelped Freddista.
The light of the lantern dimly lit the area around them. Willy spotted a hallway
stretching deeper into the hideout. He guided Freddista through the narrow
hallway. At the end was a sewing machine and a saw. “I’m Sue,” squeaked the
sewing machine, “and that’s Saul, but he doesn’t talk because he was stuck in
wood and forgot how to communicate so he only grunts.” Saul let out a
disappointed grunt.“Have you seen a screaming shoe that was lost?” asked Willy.
“No,” replied Sue, “however, we heard a loud scream in the west corridor.” “That’s
definitely him,” groaned Willy. Sue guided them through the twisting corridors of
the hideout. They went up, down, left, right, and for some reason, upside down.
They walked through several hallways: a movie room,a shoe assasination
chamber, and a corpse incinerator. “Don’t question those,” muttered Sue.
Eventually, they walked down a large rotting wooden staircase into a small
cramped cellar covered in spiderwebs and dust bunnies. That’s where they found
Fred. “See, it wasn’t that large,” he retorted. Saul then directed them to the exit.
“Whatever you do, do not head to creativity or even worse, the unknown lands,”
informed Sue. The trio exited the hideout. They soon reached the glassy plains
The trio looked nervously at the Glassy Plains. The entire plains were as
crystal clear as windows. A large towering castle loomed on the horizon. “Now
remember,” reminded Willy, “do not enter the castle, or you will get lost.” Fred
carefully peeped in. “It doesn’t look that large,” he reiterated. “Oh great, are we
doing this again?” muttered Freddista.

11

Before Fred could react, Freddista hurled him towards the Great Noodle
Factory. The inside was a pasta paradise. Hundreds of ramen packets, Mac and
Cheese packets, noodle packets, and even Indomie lined the shelves. A grand
staircase spiraled upward into 2 other floors. A large golden railing embedded
with noodles wrapped the upper floors. Fred stared in awe. He had so many
options. He pocketed the spicy noodles. The trio started to go down the
staircase. That’s when a familiar figure burst through the noodle shop’s door. It
was Barry. This time he came back, deformed, sparking and half melted. Before
Fred could react, Barry grabbed him and flung him out of the noodle factory to
the Scary Scrapyard. The scrapyard was filled with old cars and mechanical
lamps. Fred looked nervously around him. Something was lurking in this
scrapyard, waiting for him to make a wrong move. Fred carefully crept to the
entrance. That's when a large cutlery monster emerged from within the
mechanical lamps. It was covered in forks, knives and spoons. Fred immediately
screeched and ran away. That’s when he found Willy’s magnifying glass wedged
in a crevice. Fred reached for it and quickly ran out of the scrap yard before the
creature could slice him to shoelaces. At the sight of the magnifying glass, Barry
ran as fast as his legs could take him.
​
“Well, now that he’s gone,” panted Fred, “where do we go next?” ““We will
simply go over to the scrapyard.” said Willy. “Why can’t we just go through the
scrapyard?” asked Freddista. “Well, one small problem, no one has ever made it
out alive,” explained Willy.
“So let's go onward!” declared Fred. Then they walked through the Glassy Plains
over the scrapyard. The ground nearly shattered at each step, because of Fred's
screaming. Then finally they reached the Great Humid Swamp of Rotten Apples.

12

The swamp water was expired apple juice. Apple cores floated lazily in the
swamp. The air was covered in orange fog.
​
“Ooh what’s this place?” inquired Fred. “This is the Great Humid Swamp of
Rotten Apples,” said a giant banana. “Where did you come from?” asked
Freddista. “Excellent question, I teleported,” answered the banana. “Enlighten
me,” requested Fred.
​
“Well,” explained the banana, “I’m actually from the future, where I am
Fred. Then I was about to die, but I traveled to the past. Then I landed
here.”“This is ridiculous,” muttered Willy, “banana guy, do you have any way to
cross?” “Oh, I do!” said the banana. Then the trio watched in disbelief as the
banana started to lay on his side, so that they could walk on him to cross the
swamp. “That is so disgusting!" yelled Fred. “Well, do you see any other way to
cross?” responded the banana.
​
Reluctantly, the trio hurried across the banana to the Great Farm. “Why is
this called the Great Farm?” he asked Willy. “That’s because it’s the only farm in
the world,” responded Willy. Fred peeped inside the farm. Compared to the
noodle factory, this farm was tiny. Most of the shelves were bare and when Fred
found produce it usually was rotten. Eventually, Fred found a suitable potato.
Fred rejoiced with Freddista and Willy. The trio stepped back onto the mushy
bridge and headed out of the fog and onto the bridge.
​
Freddista muttered “Yes! Finally, after this I can go back to my weird shed
in the forest!” Willy exclaimed, “I can finally go back to my hotel and relax while
eating tacos!” Fred joyfully screamed, "I can finally have my lunch!” “And maybe
you guys can finally sit with me.” responded a voice. The trio turned around to
see Barry yet again.“Your perseverance annoys me,” muttered Freddista. “You
thought you were so cool, with your magnifying glass thingy!” screeched Barry,
“Well, whoops!” He snatched the magnifying glass from Willy and dropped it into
the Chasm of Chaos. “NOOOO!” screeched Willy, “Not my magnifying glass
again, I have to order another one off of-” “So take a seat!” interrupted Barry. “Oh
That’s it!” snapped Freddista. She rushed over to Barry and hurled him into the
chasm.
They continued across the Bridge of BLAAAAAAAAaaaah which is about
52 miles. However, every five minutes, they had to say “blah”. The bridge was
made of brittle wood that creaked at every step they took. They neared the end

13

when a voice boomed across the sky. “You really thought it would be that easy?”
Fred floated into the sky.
The sky flashed with lightning. The voice boomed yet again, “Who should I
destroy first?” “I know!” the voice replied, “Willy!” Immediately the waffle
transformed into bits of bread and syrup. “Okay,” the voice continued, “Fred, do
you recognize me?” “Umm umm I don’t,” replied Fred. “Well, I am Derf, your long
lost brother. One day while we were in the backyard, a mosquito bit you. You
thought I did it. You were so angry at me that you kicked me all the way behind
the Mountains of Misery. Then you drank those amnesia pills and ate that
concrete, so you forgot about me entirely.”
Fred panicked. He knew he would have to face this eventually. The
mountains earlier tried to remind him. They tried to help him remember but now it
was too late. His foolish mistake made one of his friends die. “I..I didn’t
me-mean-t-to,” he stammered “ENOUGH WITH YOUR APOLOGIES!” shouted
Derf, “say goodbye to Freddista!” Before Fred could blink, a bolt of lightning
struck Freddista. Another one of his friends was gone. “Now, Fred, any last
words?” asked Derf. The only thing Fred could manage was a scream, but this
wasn’t a normal scream. It was a scream filled with sadness and hope that Fred’s
friends would return. This was a scream that prayed that Fred would have a little
more time to reconnect with Derf. It was a scream that hoped to continue the
days of Fred’s childhood.
The scream caused a large white pulsing light to emerge within Fred. The
bits of syrup rearranged themselves into the shape of a waffle. Freddista’s body
slowly faded into existence. Meanwhile, Derf’s voice slowly faded, but you could
just make out, “See you in the land of endless jumping.” Fred blinked. He had
magical powers. He stared at his friends, still processing that they existed. Fred
knew that even if more danger lay ahead, they would still have to keep going.
​
The trio continued to Shoeboxlandia, but blocking their path was a large
metal gate. At the center was a large padlock made from shoelaces. “Okay,”
panted Willy, “Fred, you should have the key, since you live here.” Fred trembled
with fear. “I forgot mine at home.” “Why?” groaned Willy, “The only other person
who has one, that’s not in Shoeboxlandia, has to be someone in creativity.” “Oh
brother,” groaned Freddista. “What could possibly be in creativity?” asked Fred.
“Remember, Sue advised not to go there,” added Freddista. “Well, unless you
want to be locked out of Shoeboxlandia, we’re going to creativity,” grumbled
Willy, “all because Fred forgot his key.”
14

​
“The next destination to reach creativity is to head to the unknown lands,”
said the giant banana, who had followed them this entire time. “What’s in the
unknown lands?” asked Fred. Everyone looked at him. They were all expecting
him to get the hint. “It’s called the unknown lands. Do you think we know?” asked
Freddista. Fred decided not to respond. “Rest, if you must, but your journey will
continue tomorrow,” advised the banana. The trio decided not to argue. They
stared off to the horizon knowing that they soon would have to survive the
unknown. Their adventure was partially finished but for now they could finally
rest.

15

Chapter 3 : Into the unknown lands!
As soon as morning hit,the trio started heading back down the Bridge of
BLLAaAAAAAAAAaaaaaaah. Willy gave Fred disappointed looks,and Freddista
gave him judgemental looks. Fred decided not to focus on them.
​
All of a sudden they heard an infinitesimal scream. The three of them
looked down the Chasm of Chaos. They realized that Barry was still falling and
screaming his heart out. Fred felt sympathy for him because he only wanted
them to take a seat. What’s so bad about that? He decided to use his magical
powers. He breathed and then screeched with all his might. He thought of the
emotion Barry gave him when he told them to take a seat. Barry started to rise up
painfully slowly. Freddista and Willy halted in their tracks to see what Fred was
doing. They peered down the chasm to see that Barry was rising. “This is the
most anticlimactic rescue ever,” mumbled Barry. At this point in the rescue Fred’s
vocal cords were starting to twist into knots,Willy was melting from boredom, and
Freddista was thinking about going without Fred.Then finally, Barry finally
grabbed onto the rope bridge.
​
Barry immediately screeched at them. “TAKE A SEAT!” he screeched.
“Why did we rescue this guy again?” asked Freddista. Willy was already entering
the evaporation stage. “I said TAKE A SEAT!” reiterated Barry. Freddista and
Fred decided not to argue and sat down. “Where is that expired Waffle?”
continued Barry. “He melted from boredom,” exclaimed Freddista calmly.
​
All of a sudden Barry face planted. “Low energy,” he stuttered. Willy slowly
reassembled. The banana slowly walked over to them. "It's best you return to the
future,” advised Willy. The banana nodded and teleported away. Then Willy,
Freddista, and Fred walked away into the Unknown Lands.
​
​
After what felt like hours of walking, they finally reached the first of the
unknown lands. A large warped wooden sign was planted in the center of what
seemed like a completely flat plain. It read, “Welcome to the Land of Endless
Jumping!” “The trio looked at the land in front of them. It seemed to be made of a
jelly-like material. Fred took a single step. He launched at least 50 meters above
the sign. “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!” yelped
Fred.

16

“Oh, we have travelers!” said a mysterious voice. Willy and Freddista
turned around to see a spring greeting them. “It seems your friend is struggling to
stop jumping,” it continued. “Yeah, do you have any idea how to get him down?”
asked Willy.
“He doesn’t, but I do!” replied a fidget spinner. “Where are you people
coming from?” inquired Freddista. “We just met our quota for jumps today,”
replied a binder clip. “Well, how do you stop jumping?” asked Willy. “Your jumping
is fueled by expectation. So if you expect the unexpectable you shouldn’t jump,”
replied the fidget spinner.
“Well, um Fred, think about your pasta flying to your house and becoming
a giant gorilla,” screeched Willy. Fred started thinking about how giant gorillas
were awesome, when he started plummeting to the ground. He slammed into the
soft jelly-like surface. He realized he stopped jumping. “Yes, giant gorillas saved
me!” Freddista gave him a questionable look. Willy started thinking about eating
trees and walked onto the jiggly surface. He rocketed up, his syrup splattering
everywhere.
​
“More of the unexpected!” screeched the spring. Willy started imagining a
tree that eats a fish that eats annoying batteries that chase them. All of a sudden
he splattered his syrup on the ground. Freddista thought about Fred actually
being normal and crossed safely. “Here in the Unknown Lands you have to learn
to think differently,” said the binder clip. The trio slowly followed them through the
land of endless jumping. Countless objects were stuck in the loop of jumping.
17

“Those guys weren’t creative enough,” explained the spring, “speaking of
creativity, don’t go to creativity, it’s not creative there in spite of the name.” The
trio took note and headed away to the next land.
​
After parting from the spring, the fidget spinner, and the binder clip the trio
reached a structure with a large sign reading, “The scream collector (use
screams instead of doorbell).”
“Should I scream?” asked Fred. “GO FOR IT,” replied a voice. The trio turned
around to find a stethoscope holding three large jars. “SCREAM INTO THIS
ONE,” screeched the stethoscope. He unscrewed the jar carefully. Fred opened
his mouth and went for it.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
“BEAUTIFUL SCREAM,” yelled the stethoscope, “I WILL USE THIS WELL.” Fred
slowly backed away. “I feel like this is a terrible idea,” stuttered Fred. “Just make
sure you help me with my shed renovation,” muttered Freddista. The scream
collector guided them into the structure. Inside, Fred heard the largest myriad of
sounds in his life. There were clashes,bangs,explosions,laughter and coughing.
“How do you live like this?” asked Freddista. “WHAT, I CAN'T HEAR YOU!”
responded the stethoscope. The stethoscope added Fred's scream to his
cabinet. “FEEL FREE TO LEAVE,” he muttered. The trio decided that they had
seen enough. They carefully continued in the mysterious lands. The land slowly
got populated with grasses. Trees slowly rose out of the ground. Mountainpeaks
seemed to stretch higher. The trio had. reached the forgotten forest.
A huge metal sign read, “This forest makes you forget things but makes
you remember the things you want to forget.” “That’s ominous,” muttered Fred. At
first it seemed like it was a normal forest. That was when Fred said. “Willy, who
is this shoe next to me?” “Fred, that’s Freddista,” replied Willy. “FREDDISTA, you
mean the shoe that's a monster and her stare kills people!” stammered Fred.
Freddista gave Fred a concerned look. “AHHHH, she stared at me!” screeched
Fred. Willy suddenly stopped walking. “Oh Fred, I forgot how to walk!” he
stammered. “Willy, you have to walk, Freddista is coming to stare me down!”
screeched Fred. However all Willy said was, “I AM EXPIRED, WHAT DO YOU
EXPECT ME TO DO ABOUT IT!” Freddista suddenly collapsed on the ground.
“Umm Fred, it seems she forgot how to breathe, ALL BECAUSE I’M EXPIRED!”
18

screeched Willy. “SHE deserves it,” responded Fred, “she kills shoes!” “Could
your scream save her?” asked Willy. “She kills SHOES!” Fred reiterated. “FRED
SHE DOESN'T KILL SHOES!” screeched Willy. “She doesn’t,” said Fred. “We
have to do something to save her,” continued Willy. Fred screamed and saved
her. “HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO WALK NEXT TO A MONSTER!” he
screeched. “Do I look that much like a monster?” asked Freddista. “You do look
more monstrous today,” muttered Willy. “Fred all of a sudden forgot how to see.
“AHHHHHHHHH!” he screeched, “I’ve gone blind!” Willy slowly crawled to Fred.
“You okay?” he asked. “NO!” replied Fred, “Freddista’s stare made me blind!”
Freddista continued to glare at Fred.
After they left the forest, their memories slowly faded back.Eventually they
reached Perception. A huge glass sign read. “Every step is different.”
“Willy, what does that mean?” asked Fred. All of a sudden the entire area looked
different. The trees turned black and the sky turned white. Willy’s golden brown
crust became a white mess. Fred didn’t really change because he is already
white. Freddista glared at the black trees. Willy took another step. Instantly the
entire land changed. Fred turned behind them-his view looked like a 90s arcade.
He took another step. The view changed again. The glowing trees changed into
hunks of metal. Freddista decided to just walk forward. The land started shifting.
Everything was flashing. It hurt Fred’s eyes so much. They didn’t stop. They
decided to just run to the end. The run was difficult and dangerous. The land
transformed into a pool of acid.
Eventually they
all made it out
exhausted.
“Why is there
just a fishing
dock over
there?” asked
Fred. The three
of them headed
towards the
mysterious
dock. As soon
as they
reached the
dock. They saw multiple boats heading in and out of an ocean that seemed to
never end. One of the boats particularly annoyed Freddista. It had all three of
19

their names carved into the cabin. “That’s just great,” muttered Freddista, “A
mysterious boat has our names carved into it.” “What are we waiting for,”said
Fred. The three of them leaped onto the boat and headed into the vast ocean.
​
Couple of years later
“Day 1567,” groaned Freddista. “How wide is this ocean?” moaned Fred.
“You already said that 446 times,” mumbled Willy. “Hey look, land!” Fred said,
peering ahead. “It's a gigantic mountain!” exclaimed Freddista. The boat crashed
into the mountain. Fred squinted his eyes as he explored the strange mountain.
He spotted a warped sign that read “The Mountains of Miserly.” “Why are the
Mountains of Misery here?” he asked aloud. “Fred, it's the Mountains of
MISERLY,” Willy corrected. “Great, a stingy mountain,” Freddista said
sarcastically. “AAAAAAAAAAH!” screeched Fred. “What is it now?” Freddista
glared. “One of my laces is gone!” Fred panicked. “Maybe the mountain stole it,”
suggested Willy. “YES INDEED!” screeched a voice. “Who said that?” inquired
Fred. “I am the mountain,” the voice boomed again. “Well, can I get my lace
back?” asked Fred. “NO,” the mountain snapped, “You must give me something
of equal value.” “What about a scream?” asked Fred. “Sure,” replied the
mountain. Fred took a deep breath.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” he screeched. Fred’s lace
appeared again magically.
“First a time hopping banana and now it's a talking mountain,” muttered
Freddista.
​
Fred kept a close eye on everything making sure the mountain wouldn't
steal anything else. Every land they cross makes them closer to confronting Derf.
He wondered what he would say when he got there. Eventually the trio reached a
strange structure. It was made of stone and seemed to be destroyed, but at the
bottom was an inscription that read, “The Dered shrine.” “What is that?” asked
Fred. “Let’s stop stalling and head towards the next land,” responded Willy.
​
While the trio headed away the structure morphed into a recognizable
figure. Its eyes were red and it was fueled with anger and on its heel, written in
sharpie was the name Derf.

20

Chapter 4 : Textlandia and onward
Fred couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The entire realm was just text.
The trees were just the word tree. The houses were houses where the o and u
were the windows. Before Fred could marvel any longer, Willy halted. An
apostrophe greeted them. Instead of talking to them, the apostrophe transformed
into a string of words, “Welcome to Textlandia. We recommend you turn back.
You are approaching creativity.” “We have to keep going,” Willy informed. “Well if
you keep going, we don’t recommend heading into the typewriter. You will get
lost,” informed the apostrophe. “It doesn’t look that large,” Fred remarked again.
“NO!” yelped Freddista. “No!” repeated the apostrophe. “No!!” added Willy. “Okay,
No” muttered Fred. The trio looked around curiously at Textlandia. The road was
just the word road over and over again. They walked over mountains, each
labeled with “steep mountain.” Eventually the land returned to its normal self.
​

That’s when they reached a hidden hideout. “WOW!” shrieked Fred. “Isn’t
this the same hideout as last time?” inquired Freddista. Sue and Saul headed out
of the hideout. “What are you guys doing here?” Sue asked. “We are heading
towards creativity,” responded Willy.
As soon as they heard the words, Sue and Saul fainted. “That’s concerning,”
muttered Freddista.

21

​
The trio slowly backed away from the hideout and into the lava chasms.
The climate escalated. “How does anyone acclimate here?” Fred stammered.
The landscape was a cacophony of molten mountains and valleys. Willy nearly
melted again due to the heat. Freddista’s sweat was pouring down her laces.
Clouds of ash slowly drifted above. Lava lakes stained the dull landscape. Fred
yelped in pain with each step. The land of creativity slowly came into view. It
looked like a large black box floating on a large ash cloud. A large lava lake
guarded the entrance. They carefully jumped on the rocks floating in the molten
lava. Fred tripped and nearly fell in twice. Before he could fall, they reached the
lava castle. “Now remember, do not enter any castle or hideout you will get lost,”
Willy reinstructed. Before Fred could peep in, Willy tripped and fell into the fiery
pit below. Right before he hit the lake, Fred screamed, and raised Willy above to
safety. Fred’s vocal chords burned. He had never screamed in such a hot
environment. After a near-death experience, the trio reached the final obstacle
between creativity and them. The chasm of coughing. The only bridge across this
chasm was called the bridge of
LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. Every 2 minutes the trio must say “lah”. The bridge was
made of obsidian. The trio carefully walked across the bridge. One small misstep
and the bridge would collapse. Eventually, after 30 minutes of “lahs”, the trio
finally reach Creativity.

​
Derf remembered it like it was yesterday. It was a normal Tuesday and he
and Fred were playing outside. All of a sudden, he heard a buzz. At first he
thought it was nothing, but soon he realized that it was a mosquito. All of a
sudden, Fred got bitten. He screamed as if he got stabbed with a knife. “Derf,
why did you poke me?” Fred accused. “I didn’t!” replied Derf. That’s when Fred
screeched as loud as possible. Derf remembered the colors flashing in Fred’s
eyes. He suddenly felt himself being launched all the way to the Mountains of
Misery.

​
Fred couldn’t believe what he saw. All sorts of objects were trapped in
clear boxes. Each one of them had a metal helmet on their head. Every once in
a while, a huge bolt of electricity shocked each of the objects. On the ceiling was
22

a large screen that had the words "Creativity gained.” That’s when it clicked for
Fred. He realized that the only purpose for these sentient objects was to give
creativity to someone or something.

​
The trio walked around the room. Eventually they saw a dark shoe with a
tattered cape. The one thing that Fred noticed the most was its deep red eyes.
Before they could run away, it noticed them. “Welcome to creativity!” it exclaimed.
“Not as happy as I expected,” muttered Willy. “Well”, muttered Derf, “I don’t really
care about the waffle or the monster.” He pointed at Fred. “I will curse you to
become a banana and travel to the past!” He exclaimed.
​
Fred woke up at the great humid swamp of rotten apples. He heard the
voices of himself, Willy and Freddista. He quickly stood up and heard himself say
this, “Ooh what’s this place?” He quickly replied, “This is the Great Humid Swamp
of Rotten Apples.” “Where did you come from?” asked Freddista. “Excellent
question, I teleported,” Fred replied. “Enlighten me,” requested himself.
​
“Well,” explained the banana, “I’m actually from the future, where I am
Fred. Then I was about to die, but I traveled to the past. Then I landed
here.”“This is ridiculous,” muttered Willy, “banana guy, do you have any way to
cross?” “This is ridiculous,” muttered Willy, “banana guy, do you have any way to
cross?” “Oh, I do!” said Fred. Then the trio watched in disbelief as Fred started to
lay on his side, so that they could walk on him to cross the swamp. “That is so
disgusting!" yelled himself. “Well, do you see any other way to cross?” responded
Fred. Fred continued to watch himself. He rescued Willy and instructed them

23

back to the unknown lands. Then with all his might he channeled his power to his
head and teleported away.
​
Fred realized he was back at creativity. He also realized he was a shoe
again The trio quickly ran away from Derf. Fred’s eyes scanned around the room
for the key. Eventually, he realizes what he needs to do. He halts and waits for
Derf to catch up. He looked him in the eye and said,”I will always love you
brother.”
Derf's eyes slowly close. He smiled and gave Fred the key. “I will always love you
too brother,” he replied. The objects were freed and with the wave of Derf’s arm
Willy, Freddista, and Fred were back at the gate.

24

Epilogue
​
Fred stared with glee at his pasta and potatoes. He did what he did every
day and gobbled them up screaming. He needed all these carbs after Freddista’s
shed renovation and he needed the fuel for when he visited his brother. So after
he ate, he walked out and stared at the sky and prepared for another adventure.
The end finally (until the sequel (just kidding))
Unless

​
​

​

​

​

25

